Initial commit with proof of concept code for the following: (#1)
DefiantLabs/probe: README.md

# probe

A light-weight Cosmos SDK Querier.

## Intended Use-Cases

This package intends to be a generalized Cosmos SDK RPC querier for use in a majority of Cosmos Blockchains.

## Attribution

A large part of this package is inspired by and attributed to [Strangelove Ventures Lens](https://github.com/strangelove-ventures/lens). Files containing modified source code from this repository are denoted with the following header:

```
// APACHE NOTICE

> // Source copied and modified from https://github.com/strangelove-ventures/lens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Sourced with modifications from https://github.com/strangelove-ventures/lens
```
